---
layout: post
title:  "The Corona Break"
description: 
date:   2022-03-24 01:03:36 +0530
---
I am bound by the invisible shackles of Coronavirus that are holding me inside my own house. Everyday, I see more people dying; more people getting affected and a more frenzy society. Even in these times, I am so selfish that what I care about is only my near ones and only my loved ones. The woeful voices of the Italians have reached my ears but haven’t been able to pierce my heart. What I see is that my people are safe and inside, I am a little content with it. I know that I am flawed and should be more considerate about all that’s going on in the world and share a mutual feeling of brotherhood with everyone regardless of our race, sex or religion. I know that but because of the toxic feelings that were hurled inside me, I cannot do that. The racist me that lies deep inside and despises anyone with darker skin, the sexist me that has grown up in a male dominated society and untold of the other genders except the two graced by god, the superstitious me that has all the nonsensical practices of my ‘Hindu’ society inside me, the illiterate me who still thinks ‘sex’ is a taboo word and the patriotic me with a keen sense of love for my country and my people. All these thoughts have blurred my mind and I cannot see a clear picture for the greater good. I cannot see amidst all these blurry images and figure out where the light is coming from and which is the path to be taken. 

Let's hope that the our children, our future will be free of all the disputes of sex, color or religion. They shall be bound in a brotherhood that is unknown to us and in a bond so strong that no lines could be drawn to diverge them from these feelings. Let’s hope that when they see someone unlike themselves, they will be able to digest the differences between each other and develop a sense of respect and a cultural curiosity without any sort of loathing or detest. The Coronavirus incident has shown that we are nearer with each other than we think and a problem to one of us will affect all of us. Let’s also teach them that the people actually running the world are the middle-class people; people who go to 9-5 jobs and give their all just to feed themselves and their family and hoping to have a better life which (statistically proven) they won’t. Let’s make everyone know that “All men are not created equal”, and make them able to digest the fact that living a normal life is completely fine. As long as we have food on the table and roof on our heads, the happiness from money exponentially decreases. Let’s show them the wonders of mathematics and literature, the history of winners and discoverers, the thrill of music and the joy of a happy life. 

When the time comes, let's have them more aware than we are currently. Things of greater importance is not a bigger house, a beautiful wife or a high-paying job. It is emotional stability, feeling of brotherhood, mutual respect and awareness. We have been trained in such a way that we cannot be free of the things that have grown us and the things that have nurtured us; they make us what we are and not the short term wisdom that seldom visits us. For us it’s too late, but for them it isn’t.
