---
layout: post
title:  "Giving It Up"
description: Giving up smoking is so hard that you start to glorify it!
date:   2050-11-25 01:03:36 +0530
---
It is really difficult for me now-a-days  not to smoke as most of  my friends do so and when I see one of them light up a cigarette and suck it in making that “yellow glow”,  the subtle crisp sound of burning tobacco echoes through my ears; the remembrance of the  experience  arouses and invites me making my  jaw feel heavy with two small ponds of saliva manifesting on the back of my tongue.  My eyes widen to the scenario with my focus entirely on the slow rising smoke from the tiny yellow flame forcing my hand to make an indistinct move towards it . I look around me and I’m the only outcast who’s not smoking. The feeling of non-belongingness also hits me in addition to the immense desire to hold that cigarette finely between index and middle finger of my right hand directing it towards my lips which are longing for its cushionous touch and inhale the sacred whitish-gray air that goes inside and gives me a feeling of relief and ease and exhale after taking every bit of life inside that and make rings out the smoke while doing so which gives me a short and slight feeling of glory displaying that with enough effort I can even make rings out of thin air.  

 In my life, I thank that small cylindrical stick for a lot of things and I never recall saying, “Only if I hadn’t smoked.” It just never happened; most of my childhood memories are about when we had to hide ourselves in the GBS premises at night with one of us guarding and the other one. It was risky, concealing the yellow glow on top of the fear of getting smelled out afterwards but our spirits were not fazed. And whenever I remember any of those incidents, I find a simple subtle smile and say to myself, “Those were the days”. The first time when I did it, I coughed a lot but the glowing eyes and words of encouragement of the other guy didn’t let me stop and in no time I hadn’t just stopped coughing already started to see the wonders of it. Of all the friends I’ve made, the closest ones are the ones I’ve shared a cigarette with. I remember years ago on my Dashain-Tihar vacation I used to go deep into the forest with my friends and light up dry fallen autumn leaves rolling them on papers just for the sake of curiosity and sheer desire to smoke. Some of them are still bros and years after whenever we meet, we always light up a cigarette. 

 Lighting up a cigarette and sharing it with a friend is also of great significance enhancing the brotherhood between them and if in a group; it becomes a group activity that strengthens that feeling to everyone partaking in it. Different rules are made inside there; some rules are made according to the group and some are passed down the generations. They are not much talked  about but everybody knows that there must have been a rule from the ancient times to secure the fellowship of the partitioners and stop them from turning into savages ruining the entire experience. Some rules like ‘First one gets more turns’ must have been there from ages because the effort of bringing cigarettes to the group and having a desire to share it with everyone is a noteworthy task and should always be admired and encouraged. The other rules like ‘n-puff pass’ should have come into existence when the partitioners’ numbers became large for a mere cigarette to quench everyone’s thirst  and no one  was to be deprived of a cigarette that had entered the holy proceeding. This event also encourages conversation and as they’ve always said “No great story starts with a glass of milk”, great ideas start to emerge and  are exchanged weeding out undeserving ones leaving significant ideas for the mass to discuss and explore. Many startup ideas, philosophies, and even life decisions are discussed here and honest opinions are given by the other participants making this a stepping stone for their future. 

 Am I to be the person that is going to leave the entire chain and memories for a mere danger of cancer which isn’t even proven? Will I be the opposer who says no to a brother when he passes the cigarette to me and says, “Sorry I quit smoking.” Is this really the man that I’ve always wanted to become? Is this path of desire killing and non-belongingness that I have chosen worth it? And always be that guy who sits arounds with friends but when the proceeding is in front of his eyes, doesn’t take part.