---
layout: post
title:  "Bliss"
description: 
date:   2020-07-05 01:03:36 +0530
---
It was the 101th day of the nationwide lockdown due to the coronavirus pandemic and I was at my usual place just across the ‘London Bridge’ in Nadipur. The coffee there is mediocre but the place itself is calm and relaxing.It has many plants hanging around on the flowerpots and is decorated with old car tires giving it a distinct charm.The only complaint that I have about the place could be the scourge of mosquitoes but today was not one of those days. I ordered an espresso, a few cigarettes and sat on my usual spot in the corner. I looked around and noticed that the other tables were empty. So I took the marijuana which I had got by begging with my friend and lit it. My 101th day-streak of mariujana free days were over and with every puff, the mariujana started hitting me harder. I can’t tell whether it was because I hadn’t smoked for a long time or because the marijuana itself was of very high quality but it was really good.

After a while, I thought of going back home so I went to the counter, paid the bills and just as I was about to head home; I saw a beautiful girl walk past me. My limbs felt like they were independent of my body and started moving slowly in the direction of her. The thought of having to go back home constantly worried me but after a while, they  stopped and only the thoughts of her and her beauty started playing in my mind. I was following her but a different thought had started to cook in my mind. Was she real? I knew I was high but I think I could paint a picture of her with utmost detail if only I had the skills. Brownish white in complexion with somewhat curly hair that twisted around near her face and a blushful smile.. I could go on but somewhere I still have a question whether she was real. 

Probably after following her for a long time, I reached a suspension bridge and across it was a magnificent place both in size and beauty. The place was a plain pasture land in the middle of a large cliff with head-high overgrown grasses. The burbling and bubbling of the river added in the beauty of that natural wonderland. It reminded me of the holiday times that I used to spend as a child in my village and I started staring at the place. The two places were not alike but both were filled with the inexplicable natural beauty, distinct from each other but giving the same warm experience.

I tried to follow her and cross the bridge but as I reached towards the middle of the bridge and looked down at the river; I realized that I was high and the fear of falling terrified me. I was  petrified and grabbed the rope as hard as I could just to stop myself from rolling over and falling down. My eyes followed her crossing the bridge but as I tried to take a step, my shaky feet couldn’t take a step and I had to hold on to both of the ropes just to keep standing. I crossed the bridge with great difficulty by lifting myself holding on to the bridge ropes and moving forward slowly and carefully. As I crossed the bridge, I explored the place to the perceptible distance but I couldn’t find her.

I then wandered around the place sometimes climbing on the rocks and sometimes on the trees. It was like the old times in my village and I started jumping and dancing around in the place; sometimes singing loudly and sometimes yelling. I was high and  alone in that place so the things that I had in my imagination, I did them. After a while, my enthusiasm had drained out and I sat on the edge dangling my feet down the cliff. There was a constant fear of falling down into the river but there was also a sense of satisfaction, relaxation and achievement in sitting there. I observed the place and the suspension bridge now and then hoping that I would see her returning back. My eyes started feeling heavy and I laid back and closed my eyes for a while.